EPISODE 12
ZHIYI TECH
- This is your office?
- Yes.
It's Sunday. No one's here.
Come on in.
Isn't this Puppet Master
from "A Chinese Ghost Story"?
Yes. Come here.
- This is...
- My office.
- Can you study here?
- Sure.
I'll get started then.
I have work to do, too.
It's so quiet.
But it's a little too quiet.
I can't absorb anything.
I can't believe I'm alone with Lord.
Weiwei?
Come take a look at this.
What's this?
Basic character design
for our mobile game.
- Your mobile game?
- Yes.
Take a look.
I like this game.
Just from character design?
You can tell a lot from character design.
Female characters in
online games nowadays
tend to wear next to nothing.
Some are practically naked,
just to entice male players.
I picked the swordswoman in red
for her skill set,
and also because she's very covered up.
Your game isn't like that.
The outfits on the female characters
are all very normal.
That shows the game designers
are confident in their work
and have respect for their game.
They're not using frivolous methods
to please the masses.
Thanks for the compliment.
I'm very honored.
Lord seems to be in a good mood.
Did I butter him up by accident?
When is the alpha test?
End of the year, at the earliest.
I want an alpha test account.
- Well...
- I can't have one?
It depends on our favorability
of each other then.
Lord is so...
It depends on our favorability?
No, I can't let him
get the last word all the time.
How does one increase favorability?
I'll come up with a calculation model.
By the way, what did you mean by
complicated,
when I mentioned
Fengteng's offer to buy our video?
Our company is likely to collaborate
with Fengteng on this mobile game,
as well as a joint project to develop
"A New Chinese Ghost Story."
"A New Chinese Ghost Story"?
Yes, it hasn't been announced yet.
Since you know them,
why don't you handle the video matter?
That's really the best.
The video was released under my name,
but you were the one who made it.
Let's not sell it, then.
If you don't end up working with them,
we can save the idea for ourselves.
Don't mind that.
You should just sign the contract.
Okay, I'll sign it,
and split the licensing fee five ways.
Don't give it to Yugong and the others.
Wouldn't that be wrong?
They took part, too.
Just keep it,
as their first-meeting gift to you.
I was going to ask him
what I should do about his cut.
Now, I guess that's moot.
What if he said,
take it as a betrothal gift?
I thought that was weird.
Why was he standing over there?
It's because I'm in his seat.
"A Chinese Ghost Story"
limited edition mug?
That's yours.
There are more, right?
There are 20 characters in total.
There must be 20 mugs?
Fengteng gave us a set.
I only took these two.
Yugong and the others have the rest.
So he saved the mug for me?
He knew I'd come to his office
sooner or later.
Xiao Nai...
How did you recognize me that day?
Xiao Nai?
At Acme, in March.
The internet cafe?
I was there for a meeting,
and I saw you battling someone
on my way out.
So Lord knew me
back then already.
Your maneuvering was great
and your hand speed rapid.
I was a quality control tester
during the summer of my 12th grade year,
and that's how I trained.
My APM wasn't high,
usually less than 150.
APM is only a reference point.
Compared to APM, perhaps effective
maneuver rate is more critical.
What's your APM, Lord?
I've never tested. When I started playing,
there was no concept of APM.
No concept of APM?
How long ago was that?
Lord must be super dreamy
when he's playing.
Why don't we battle?
Sure, but miss...
Take it easy on me.
Why do I get the feeling that
where he paused,
he was going to say
"missus, take it easy on me"?
I must be going mad today.
I'll study now.
He knew me for months already.
Why didn't he say so in the game?
We saw each other
in archaeology class, too.
Wait, no.
I've taken his class, too.
You don't have to say nice things for him.
Yeah, I sat next to you once.
I know.
So, that's what that meant!
Weiwei...
If you keep staring at me,
I won't be able to take it anymore.
Roaming around the world,
you're bound to get knifed.
Five stabs killing you, killing you...
Hand it over.
Enough... Switch...
Bench player Hao Mei is up. Come on!
Go on!
- Fine, I'll do it myself.
- Sweet!
I'll get the ball...
Let me...
- Go on!
- Nice shot!
What's the meaning of this?
You're supposed to be my friends!
That one abandoned his buddy
to go on a date.
You two treat your buddy,
me, like thin air.
I worked hard to raise
the handsomeness of the dorm,
and this is how you thank me?
Pass! Shoot!
Fine, this won't defeat
the passion of a man. You just wait.
Ladies and gentlemen...
we bring you live coverage
of the hottest star soccer match.
The arena stands are completely filled.
The fans' roaring cheer
has drowned out Hao Mei.
Now, the ball is passed to Hao Mei.
Look at him, with a left kick,
a right kick, a slow-motion,
he passes the opposition player.
His movement is agile,
and his footwork rapid.
In the blink of the eye,
he's past eight opposition players.
Facing down the goalie,
he shoots!
- Enjoy.
- Thanks.
I was so inefficient this afternoon.
Why don't I go back to the dorm
after the meal?
Do you want to battle me?
Are you better now?
I can't believe you caught a cold
on top of the acute gastroenteritis!
Don't be so sickly.
Take medicine for the cold.
Here, I have some.
I knew I could count on you.
Those two with boyfriends
are out on dates every weekend.
I never get to see them.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
Sisi, it'll just be the two of us
from now on.
That's right, even when sick,
you should still be happy.
Laughter cures all ills.
Actually, Erxi,
I'm going to study with a boy.
Why don't you hang out with your laptop?
I should go!
Sisi!
Heartless... They all left me, one by one.
No, I have to find my own
chicken soup for the soul.
I'm sick.
I feel awful and pitiful.
You're online!
Where are you? I'll go to you.
I'm at Mochou Lake, by Jinling City.
Wait for me.
Okay.
What a gorgeous horse!
It's a gift for you.
Really? That's awesome!
The horse must have cost you
a lot of money.
This gift is too expensive.
This horse is fast and loose.
He has a long stride.
So he runs very fast.
He's perfect for you.
I love this horse,
whether he runs fast or not.
I'll like it, as long as it's from you.
Keep acting.
I'd like to see how far you can push it.
Two can play this game.
- Do you want to go on a boat ride?
- Here?
I didn't know
there are boat rides in the game.
I saw a few boats on my way here.
I'm sure we can do it.
Sure.
- I'll take two boats.
- Sure thing.
Why two boats? We can just share one.
Isn't it more fun with two boats?
I think you'll like it.
It implies two-timing. Don't you get it?
That's true. We can race!
I've got nothing on you, in that regard.
Come on! Let's ride together.
What are those flowers? So pretty.
I'm guessing they're called
"wanton flowers."
Why's that?
Look at the willows on the shore.
The flowers fall into the lake,
before they can blossom,
but they don't give up on themselves.
So they bloom into "wanton flowers."
That's so poetic!
Somehow, after your explanation,
these flowers seem so incredible.
"Wanton flowers"
blossom for their own joy.
That reminds of me the Little Prince's
vain and selfish flower.
So you do know yourself.
I used to think
it had negative connotations.
Now, it feels quite pleasant
and inspiring.
Weiguang, you never cease to amaze me.
I want to give you a gift, too.
It must be very special, very precious,
so it can match the care
you have shown for me.
Perfect timing, Weiwei!
What's going on?
Why is your face so flushed?
Do you have a fever?
No fever...
I just have a cold.
I took some medicine and got better.
You came back just in time.
If I want to give a friend
in the game a gift,
and it should be a meaningful,
one-of-a-kind gift,
what should I give him?
You and I have the same idea!
- You're giving Lord a gift?
- Yes.
Erxi, did you also find someone...
No way... I'm not like you.
A friend in the game did me a huge favor.
I only want to show gratitude. That's all.
What are you giving Lord?
I want to make him a gift.
You're making it? What the heck?
You've been gaming for a while.
You don't know you can make
your own equipment and name it?
I want to make him one,
but I still need two rare materials.
You can do that?
Yes, but making your own equipment
is very time-consuming.
If you don't have time,
you can consider other gifts.
I'll go wash my face.
Make your own equipment?
Men are all vindictive indeed.
It's a good thing, though.
Where are we going to get coffee, Yiran?
- Same place.
- Okay.
Why didn't you come back
to the dorm last night, Yiran?
You didn't drink the juice I bought.
I don't want to stay at the dorm.
Why not?
You love it here. Why won't you stay?
- No reason.
- Let's go.
I'll show you something.
It's about Xiao Nai and Bei Weiwei.
I'm not interested in them. Let's go.
Fine, be that way. You'll regret it.
This is my business card.
- Hi, Mr. Liu.
- Hello.
Our staff contacted you earlier.
We'd like to use
"Girl Bandit Abducts Groom"
in our official video campaign.
Meanwhile, we'd like to incorporate
the marriage by abduction plot
into the gameplay.
I watched your video before I came.
It's nicely done.
The plot is very original.
It well deserves
first place in the video contest.
Thank you.
- What can I get for you, sir?
- Just coffee. Thanks.
Do you have any demand
for the compensation?
I'd like to hear your offer.
We're willing to pay 20,000 RMB
for the right to use the video
for three years,
including creative usage, of course.
The game recently launched rare monsters.
If I ask for rare monsters
in lieu of cash payment,
- would that be possible?
- I think so.
How many of which grades of rare monsters
do you have in mind?
I want five super rare monsters.
Super rare monsters? Well...
Enjoy.
Ms. Bei, five super rare monsters
are worth more than 20,000 RMB.
To you guys, it's just data.
Wouldn't that upset the balance?
Our executives would never agree.
Oh, no!
I only want to give them
to my friends in the game.
I'm sure you know, me and my friends
all have high grades in the game.
We'll get the best monsters
sooner or later.
It can't upset the balance
that much, right?
But if we release five at once,
we still have to answer to other players.
I'll tell you what, Ms. Bei,
can you accept regular rare monsters?
All right, I'll take
regular rare monsters,
but I'd like two materials, as well.
White jade and quenched metal.
These two materials are rare reward items.
Well...
Since you're so straightforward,
let's make that happen.
I brought the contracts with me.
I'll make changes to the terms.
Take a look, Ms. Bei.
If you're okay with it,
let's sign the contracts.
The contract is fine.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Ms. Bei.
We'll deliver the items to your account
at eight o'clock,
the night after tomorrow.
It's been a pleasure. Goodbye.
It's so crowded.
We have to brace ourselves for the crowd.
This is the last large job fair
before we graduate.
Many big corporations have come.
It's the last job fair
before graduation.
I know, we'll be leaving school soon.
Who knows how many couples will break up?
I'm so glad I'll be working nearby,
after I graduate.
I was so clever today.
I pitched the impossible ask,
then I compromised.
He readily accepted my terms,
as predicted.
I'll have graduation gifts for Lord
and the team, the day after tomorrow.
He's not online, like he said,
neither are Yugong and Houzi Jiu.
Mo Zha Ta is!
Ms. Weiwei?
Mr. Girly?
Who told you that nickname?
I'm 180 cm tall, buffer than an ox,
and a dark tan!
Who are you calling girly?
Hao Mei missed you at the basketball game.
He keeps asking to see you.
- Hao Mei?
- Mo Zha Ta.
Hao Mei? What a beautiful name.
His mom dreamed that he was a girl,
on Mount Emei.
He was named Hao Mei before he was born.
Yugong and Houzi Jiu like to call him
"Girly" when they joke around.
I can't implicate Lord.
But I don't want to lie, either. I know!
I saw Yugong and Houzi Jiu
at the basketball game the other day.
How can you sell me out?
You'll pay for running your mouths!
I went for a real-life battle just now.
Yugong? Houzi Jiu?
They're covered in black and blue bruises,
begging for mercy.
Don't worry. I didn't implicate you.
See, I think you're quite lucky, actually.
Wasn't your name inspired by Mount Emei?
What if you're not named Hao Mei?
Wouldn't you be named Hao E instead?
Hao E sounds like "hungry" in Chinese.
That would be worse.
Would I rather be called
"hungry" or "girly" out on the street?
I've chewed over that question
for many years.
I could've been named Mount Hao.
Mount Hao?
The hairpin I'm making
is only missing white jade and
quenched metal.
When I get these two materials,
I can get to work.
You're here at last, Weiwei!
I thought you quit gaming,
like Clan Leader Diemeng.
No, I've just been busy with exams.
By the way, are you free now, Weiwei?
What is it?
Help me kill Underground Ghost Granny.
It's the new boss in the instance dungeon.
I failed to crack it twice.
Have you cracked it?
I don't know how they'll be delivering
the rare monsters.
I don't want to be caught
in the middle of offing a boss.
Can we do it after eight? I'm a bit busy.
Sure. I'll wait for you.
Rare monsters...
When I give the rare monsters to the guys,
and we line up,
each with a rare monster,
it'll be glorious!
Mr. Girly, come over!
I'm giving you a rare monster.
How did you know this rare monster
is perfect with my character, Mrs. Nai
I've wanted it for a long time,
but I never got it.
I knew it'd feel awesome
to share it with everyone.
Where did you get this rare monster,
Mrs. Nai?
That's extraordinary!
From the company that bought the rights
to our "Girl Bandit Abducts Groom" video.
All the main characters
in the video get one.
They're so generous that they give out
rare monsters to the supporting cast?
You asked for them, right?
You don't have it spell it out.
Just be quietly touched.
I'm so touched.
Nai married well! He did indeed!
We all benefit from his success.
Mrs. Nai, there's something
you should know.
What?
Someone called our dorm today
to ask Nai out on a date.
Um...
It's true. I answered the phone.
It was a girl,
but I heard Nai turn her down.
Asked him out?
Don't worry, Mrs. Nai, with me around,
I'll never let Nai cheat on you.
Dude, chill out.
Getting asked out is no big deal.
Boys have asked me out all my life.
Mr. Girly is too weak.
He's always with Yugong and Houzi Jiu.
What'll he do with such a weak threshold
for beat-downs?
Nai just walked past behind me, Mrs. Nai,
when you said
boys have asked you out all your life.
No way! He said, he's busy,
and he won't be online tonight.
He just got back.
Now he's turning on his laptop.
Thankfully I left in time.
Wait, why should I log off?
I was only joking, right?
Doesn't logging off make it seem like
I had something to hide?
No, I have to be open and honest.
I have to be more than open and honest.
I got kicked off line just now.
Nai, your wife is a genius.
Thanks.
The campus internet is indeed unstable.
Lord has great memory.
Would he remember that for life?
No, as the saying goes,
"attack is the best form of defense."
I heard someone called you
and asked you out today?
I only got a call today,
inviting me to play Guzheng
at the graduation gala.
Yugong needs me. I should go...
Mr. Girly, it's wrong to offer bad intel!
You're doing me in.
Don't worry, missus,
I never get asked out in all of my life.
So what, if you never get asked out?
Must you emphasize "all my life"?
He must've done that on purpose.
Wait, he said he's never been asked out?
No way, I've seen someone
confess her love to you.
When?
Just this semester.
Once, walking by our dorm,
I saw a girl hand you a love letter.
That seems to ring a bell.
See? How can you say
no one's ever asked you out?
She was probably just handing out a flier.
No way!
Why not?
Would anyone confess her love
on the street?
Has the missus had that experience?
The missus sure is popular.
No... When it becomes too frequent,
it can be troublesome.
No... I mean, for these things,
it's quality over quantity.
I'm all you need.
Nai?
Are you going to call
our department belle?
What's going on? Nai didn't deny it.
I can totally read his mind now.
Aren't you impressed?
Please! Nai can't hide
the lovey-dovey expression on his face.
That's the unusual part!
What's Nai usually like?
He's cold and aloof,
with a blank expression all the time.
Hou is right.
This is bad of me.
I shouldn't be so sharp-tongued,
like Yugong and the others.
How will I face Lord tomorrow?
This is bad.
I'll head out early tomorrow,
before he comes over.
- Hello?
- It's me.
- You logged off, too?
- No.
The campus internet is awful today.
I got kicked off, too.
Does it keep you up at night, Lord,
if you don't tease me a few times a day?
Weiwei, I'm happy.
Is he happy because of what I said?
For the video licensing contract,
I asked the company for rare monsters.
Hao Mei told me.
I asked for five.
I'll give you yours soon.
I asked for a little tiger.
Yours is a little tiger, too,
but they're the opposite sex.
So...
So, we'll raise them.
Let them breed.
They might produce a sixth rare monster.
Okay, I'll ask my tiger next time,
if he's willing.
Why do you have to ask?
There's only one female tiger
in the entire game.
Why would he refuse?
That makes sense. I'm sure he will.
Are you free now?
Will you log on and help my friend
fight a boss?
Bye-bye now.
Why did you log off, Weiwei?
Likely kicked off.
I thought you stood me up.
No... How many spots do you have?
I'll bring a master player.
I haven't invited anyone.
You guys should just come.
I'm here. I just got rid of
a bunch of onlookers.
Yixiao Naihe is helping me off a boss?
Fighting with him is a thrill.
Let him take command.
Okay.
I've never encountered an underworld boss.
You, Naihe?
- No.
- I'll check the website.
It's okay.
Get another long-distance attacker.
It'll be faster.
Okay, I'll put a call out to the clan.
Someone will come.
Anyone want to off Underworld Granny?
Two spots, one shooter and one anything.
Two spots?
Yaoyao and I will be right over.
Subtitle translation by Lu Yuhan